{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;\red0\green0\blue0;\red179\green179\blue179;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://github.com/nikhilaravi/exchangerate"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 View the code on GitHub}}
\f0\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs22 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Toggle navigation Menu 
\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 AC209a\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3  \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Overview\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3  \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Data\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3  \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Time Series Models\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3  \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Sentiment Analysis\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3  \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Forecasting\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3  \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 References\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3  \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/cforoughi/Documents/apcomp209a/project/exchangerate/docs/time_series_notebook.html"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Code}}\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3  \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Exchange rate forecasting using Economic News Sentiment\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Tell Me More\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\b\fs36 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Overview\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Exchange rates are important indicators of real and perceived economic performance. Fluctuations in a country's exchange rate directly reflect changes in economic confidence. This was particularly salient during the recent global financial crisis and Brexit referendum. Furthermore, foreign exchange is one of the most liquid assets traded in the global financial markets. This means that any relevant news or development about a country's economy is very quickly reflected in the exchange rate movements, and secondly this also increases the role of trading speculation on affecting the short-term fluctuations of an exchange rate. These proporties of exchange rates mean that prediction of exchange rates is very difficult in practice. \
In this project, we aim to predict future exchange rates at a weekly level. We apply techniques from time series analysis and natural language processing to identity trends in the exchange rate for prediction. We hypothesise that changes in business news sentiment can be used to predict movements in the exchange rate, leading to more accurate predictors when combined with predictors from time series analysis. Our goal is to build a model that incorporates sentiment analysis of news articles sourced from The Guardian in order to predict US-UK exchange rates in the 2000-2016 time frame. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\b\fs36 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Data Collection and Exploration\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Economic and News data was collected and cleaned\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319

\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 News Data\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 News data was collected from The Guardian, a British newspaper. The top 30 news articles each week in the period 2010-2016 was collected using the Guardian API and saved to a csv file which was saved to AWS S3\
The articles were then filtered ....\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Only business news\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Filtered by presence of economic words\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls2\ilvl1\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319

\b \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Economic Indicator Data\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit. Minima maxime quam architecto quo inventore harum ex magni, dicta impedit.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\b\fs36 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Time Series Analysis\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Several time series models were used to model the economic indicator data\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\fs36 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Sentiment\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Sentiment analysis of news articles was performed using SentiWordNet, a public dictionary of words with sentiment scores, which has been trained via semi-supervised learning.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\fs36 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 SentiWordNet Methodology\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Selection of Relevant Articles\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 From all the articles scrapped using an API of The Gaurdian newspaper, we first filtered based on relevance to exchnage rates. This involve building a small dictionary of words and phrases which would indicate relevance to exchnage rate, and then search all the articles for the disctionary content. After some data exploration and visualisation, we determined the minimum number of words and phrases required for matching in order to class an article as being relevant (ensuring that a sufficient number of articles were classed as relevant weekly in order to generate weekly sentiment scores). \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Tokenizing: article body text was split into sentences, and further into words\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 SentinetWordNet provides a trained index of words and their corresponding positive, negtiave and netural sentiments (where the sum of these sentiments equal 1). To generate sentiments at an article level, we tokenised articles into words and used the mean average sentiment as the sentiment score for the entire article. A potential problem behind this method is that we may not obtain accurate sentiments for sections of the artivle which depend on more sophisticated understand of the natural language at a sentence or a phrase level. However, given the computation time required to use more sophisticated natural language techniques (such as Word2Vec or Doc2Vec) and the total number of articles to be considered across the time period, we proceed with the simpler model. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Filtering Neutrality: Removing sentences with neutral sentiment from the original article\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Given each article, we removed any sentences which had very high neutal sentiment scores. This ensured that our sentiment score generator would only focus on sentences which implied strong sentiment, resolving a previous problem of obtaining very low positive/negative sentiment scores from our model \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Weekly sentiment: Averaging article sentiments at a weekly level to obtain weekly sentiment scores.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Having developed a method to generate sentiment scores for a given article, we simply took the mean average of the articles at a given week to generate the sentiment scores associated to that week. For future work, it may be worth considering potential ways to weight different articles' sentiments based on factors such as their popularity. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Smoothing: Using a rolling average of preceding weeks\'92 sentiments to reduce the weekly variance of sentiment scores.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Having generated weekly sentiment scores, initially the high weekly variance did not allow any visible trends to be noticed. We resolved this by smoothing the weekly sentiment scores using a rolling average of a fixed number of preceding weeks. The number of preceding weeks use to smoothen the scentiment scores was chosen by maximising the correlation between the exchange rate and the sentiment score time series. The smoothened sentiment scores now shows visible correlation with the exchange rate, especially during times such as the Brexit Referendum, as can be seen below. \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\b\fs36 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Forecasting\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Several time series models were used to model the economic indicator data\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\fs36 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 References\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Copyright \'a9 AC209a Exchange Rate Team 2016 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\b\fs36 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Project Name\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Use this area to describe your project. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit. Est blanditiis dolorem culpa incidunt minus dignissimos deserunt repellat aperiam quasi sunt officia expedita beatae cupiditate, maiores repudiandae, nostrum, reiciendis facere nemo!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Want these icons in this portfolio item sample?
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 You can download 60 of them for free, courtesy of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://getdpd.com/cart/hoplink/18076?referrer=bvbo4kax5k8ogc"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 RoundIcons.com}}, or you can purchase the 1500 icon set {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://getdpd.com/cart/hoplink/18076?referrer=bvbo4kax5k8ogc"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 here}}.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls3\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Date: July 2014\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Client: Round Icons\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Category: Graphic Design\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs22 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Close Project
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\b\fs36 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Project Heading\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://designmodo.com/startup/?u=787"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Startup Framework}}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  is a website builder for professionals. Startup Framework contains components and complex blocks (PSD+HTML Bootstrap themes and templates) which can easily be integrated into almost any design. All of these components are made in the same style, and can easily be integrated into projects, allowing you to create hundreds of solutions for your future projects.\
You can preview Startup Framework {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://designmodo.com/startup/?u=787"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 here}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs22 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Close Project
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\b\fs36 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Project Name\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Treehouse is a free PSD web template built by {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.behance.net/MathavanJaya"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Mathavan Jaya}}. This is bright and spacious design perfect for people or startup companies looking to showcase their apps or other projects.\
You can download the PSD template in this portfolio sample item at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://freebiesxpress.com/gallery/treehouse-free-psd-web-template/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 FreebiesXpress.com}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs22 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Close Project
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\b\fs36 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Project Name\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Start Bootstrap's Agency theme is based on Golden, a free PSD website template built by {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.behance.net/MathavanJaya"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Mathavan Jaya}}. Golden is a modern and clean one page web template that was made exclusively for Best PSD Freebies. This template has a great portfolio, timeline, and meet your team sections that can be easily modified to fit your needs.\
You can download the PSD template in this portfolio sample item at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://freebiesxpress.com/gallery/golden-free-one-page-web-template/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 FreebiesXpress.com}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs22 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Close Project
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\b\fs36 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Project Name\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Escape is a free PSD web template built by {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.behance.net/MathavanJaya"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Mathavan Jaya}}. Escape is a one page web template that was designed with agencies in mind. This template is ideal for those looking for a simple one page solution to describe your business and offer your services.\
You can download the PSD template in this portfolio sample item at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://freebiesxpress.com/gallery/escape-one-page-psd-web-template/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 FreebiesXpress.com}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs22 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Close Project
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\b\fs36 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Project Name\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Dreams is a free PSD web template built by {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.behance.net/MathavanJaya"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Mathavan Jaya}}. Dreams is a modern one page web template designed for almost any purpose. It\'92s a beautiful template that\'92s designed with the Bootstrap framework in mind.\
You can download the PSD template in this portfolio sample item at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://freebiesxpress.com/gallery/dreams-free-one-page-web-template/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 FreebiesXpress.com}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs22 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Close Project
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  \
}